DBZ-7616 Document `database.query.timeout.ms` property (#5498)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/informix.adoc

|`-1`
|The maximum number of retries on retriable errors (e.g. connection errors) before failing (-1 = no limit, 0 = disabled, > 0 = num of retries).

|[[informix-property-database-query-timeout-ms]]<<informix-property-database-query-timeout-ms, `database.query.timeout.ms`>>

> |`600000`
> |Time to wait for a query to execute, given in milliseconds. Defaults to 600 seconds (600,000 ms); zero means there is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`600000` (10 minutes)
|Specifies the time, in milliseconds, that the connector waits for a query to complete.
Set the value to `0` (zero) to remove the timeout limit.
```
